# BernardAiPortfolio
Analytic Experience


Analyze smart device data to gain insight into how consumers are using the smart device. The insight I discover will guide the marketing strategies of the company. 

The Bellabeat product i'll be focusing on is Leaf: Bellabeat’s classic wellness tracker can be worn as a bracelet, necklace, or clip. The Leaf tracker connects
to the Bellabeat app to track activity, sleep, and stress.

Collecting data on activity, sleep, stress, and reproductive health has allowed Bellabeat to empower women with knowledge about their own health and habits. 

1. What are some trends in smart device usage?
2. How could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers?
3. How could these trends help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy?

You will produce a report with the following deliverables:
1. A clear summary of the business task
2. A description of all data sources used
3. Documentation of any cleaning or manipulation of data
4. A summary of your analysis
5. Supporting visualizations and key findings
6. Your top high-level content recommendations based on your analysis

Business Task:
- Investigate the Fitbit Fitness Tracker Data from thirty fitbit users whom consented to the submission of their personal tracker data. Apply the insight to a particular Bellabeat product. The product I have chosen is Leaf. 
- Use insight from analysis to recommend marketing strategies for the company. 

## Consider Key Stakeholders
### Primary Stakeholders 
- Urska Srsen, Cofounder and Chief Creative Officer of Bellabeat
- Sando Mur, Mathematician and Cofounder; key member of the Bellabeat executive team

### Secondary Stakeholders
- Bellabeat Marketing Analytics Team 

## PREPARE PHASE
### Description of all the data sources used
Srsen pointed me to the dataset to use, she encouraged me to use public data that explores smart devices users' daily habits. To achieve this task, I parsed through the document shared with me and found the Fitbit data. 

FitBit Fitness Tracker Data (CC0: Public Domain, dataset made available through Mobius): This Kaggle data set contains personal fitness tracker from thirty fitbit users. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. It includes information about daily activity, steps, and heart rate that can be used to explore users’ habits. This dataset generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 12 March 2016 to 12 May 2016.


